# MINNAL
## ***************************** *ABSTRACT* ****************************

Electricity consumers face a lot of problems regarding electricity in their day-to-day life. Among all these problems the inability to connect to the electricity board due to busy network lines is a major concern. The existing solutions are KSEB web self-service, Helpline numbers and WhatsApp bots. The issues pertaining to these solutions are as follows: 1) The online form needs to be filled from scratch each time the complaint has to be registered. 2) The helpline numbers are mostly busy and may also suffer from lack of network services. 3) There is a limit to add members in WhatsApp groups. Preferable solution is to make a system where the data about the consumer will be saved only once and a single click can connect them to the electricity board authorities. The project acts as an intermediate between electricity consumers and the electricity board authorities. The project mainly deals with the servicing requests of transformers in case of any compliant. There will be login for both consumers and board authorities. Details of consumer such as consumer number, post number, transformer number will be accepted at the time of registration. The features include notification by Board authorities in case of power outage, reporting the problems faced by consumers due to post or transformer complaint, intensity or measure of the problem is sorted according to priority and displaying the problem and address on the authority frontend.
